README.md, before:

# EventsWWDC19



## Other Events 

Coming Soon 
__________________________________________________ 


## Miscelaneous 
### Escape the room 

You can book a ticket for Escape the room aka Apple themed puzzle rooms which is being organized with altConf. 
http://escapethekeynote.how/
 
| Time        | Date           | Price  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:| 
|  15 Minutes   | 4-6th June  | Around 9:30AM - 5AM |

(Schedule)[http://altconf.com/schedule/]


__________________________________________________ 


## 👩🏼‍💻 WWDC Woman 
### WWDC Ladies Only dinner 

There are many events for women in WWDC. There are dinner sponsered by Netflix and reddit. 

(Ladies @ WWDC)[https://www.twitter.com/LadiesAtWWDC]

You are see more information about it here: 

https://ti.to/iOS-meetups/ladies-at-wwdc 


| Sponser        | Date           | Price  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
|     Intuit, Netflix, Reddit, Snap and Twilio | 6th June  | free (first come, first served type) |


### Apps Camp for Girls - Live Near WWDC 
[Live Near WWDC](https://livenearwwdc.com)

| Place        | Date           | Price  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
|  The Ritz, 400 S. First Street, San Jose | 5-6th June  | 35$ and 135$ |

Commit message:

Adding an event and fixing some links

README.md, after:

# EventsWWDC19



## Other Events 

Coming Soon 
__________________________________________________ 


### 🥳 The Loop Bash 
You can book for Loop bash [here](https://ti.to/jim-dalrymple/the-loop-bash-at-wwdc/en). 
Note: This event requires you to be 21+
Location:  The Ritz Nightclub, 400 South 1st Street San Jose. 
| Time        | Date           | Price  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:| 
|  15 Minutes   | 3th June  | Around 9:30AM - 5AM |

## Miscelaneous 
### 🔒 Escape the room 

You can book a ticket for Escape the room aka Apple themed puzzle rooms which is being organized with altConf. 
http://escapethekeynote.how/
 
| Time        | Date           | Time to come  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:| 
|  15 Minutes   | 4-6th June  | Around 9:30AM - 5AM |

[Schedule](http://altconf.com/schedule/)


__________________________________________________ 


## 👩🏼‍💻 WWDC Woman 
### WWDC Ladies Only dinner 

There are many events for women in WWDC. There are dinner sponsered by Netflix and reddit. 

[Ladies @ WWDC](https://www.twitter.com/LadiesAtWWDC)

You are see more information about it here: 

https://ti.to/iOS-meetups/ladies-at-wwdc 


| Sponser        | Date           | Price  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
|     Intuit, Netflix, Reddit, Snap and Twilio | 6th June  | free (first come, first served type) |


### Apps Camp for Girls - Live Near WWDC 
[Live Near WWDC](https://livenearwwdc.com)

| Place        | Date           | Price  |
| ------------- |:-------------:| -----:|
|  The Ritz, 400 S. First Street, San Jose | 5-6th June  | 35$ and 135$ |
